subsys: dfu: Full modem firmware upgrade with DTS (#28714)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/dfu/dfu_target.rst

Using a dedicated partition for full modem upgrades
===================================================

**With Partition Manager** (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PARTITION_MANAGER_ENABLED`):

Set the chosen node ``nordic,pm-ext-flash`` to the external flash device in devicetree.
The Partition Manager will then create the ``fmfu_storage`` partition automatically in the external flash region.
See :ref:`partition_manager` for details.

**Without Partition Manager** (DTS-based partitioning):

> Define a fixed partition in devicetree and set the ``fmfu_storage`` chosen property to point to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure a dedicated ``fmfu_storage`` partition for full modem firmware updates:

* If you enable Partition Manager (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PARTITION_MANAGER_ENABLED`):

  Set the chosen node ``nordic,pm-ext-flash`` to the external flash device in devicetree.
  The Partition Manager automatically creates the ``fmfu_storage`` partition in the external flash region.
  See :ref:`partition_manager` for details.

* If you do not enable Partition Manager (DTS-based partitioning):

  Define a fixed partition in devicetree and set the ``fmfu_storage`` chosen property to point to the defined partition:
```

Reviewer: also fix the indentation of the code block

.. code-block:: devicetree

   / {
       chosen {

>            fmfu_storage = &fmfu_storage;

Reviewer 2: you cannot name a chosen like this, it would need to be properly prefixed and named e.g. `nordic,fmfu-storage`, though can easily just be a specific partition name rather than a chosen node and you can check if the partition exists

Reviewer 3: Should we also apply this to the `lwm2m_carrier` partition? https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/28687/changes#diff-faee247838c19d0ae18174e4c7884084d187a2108f4ea06e5f9a0a3a9b0e6668

settings_nvs does this:
```
#if DT_HAS_CHOSEN(zephyr_settings_partition)
#define SETTINGS_PARTITION DT_PARTITION_ID(DT_CHOSEN(zephyr_settings_partition))
#else
#define SETTINGS_PARTITION PARTITION_ID(storage_partition)
#endif
```
Should we do the same?
For the carrier lib:
- PM name: `lwm2m_carrier`
- chosen: `ncs_lwm2m_carrier_partition`
- default partition for non chosen: `lwm2m_carrier_partition`

For fmfu:
- PM name: `fmfu_storage`
- chosen: `ncs_fmfu_storage_partition`
- default partition for non chosen: 'fmfu_storage_partition`

Reviewer 2: yes, they should be prefixed with `nordic,` not `ncs,`

Author: Renamed.

       };
   };

>    &your_external_flash {

Reviewer 2: this is only valid for external flash, should have one for internal too if a user could do that

Author: Currently the FMFU package is around 2.2 MB, so it does not fit in internal flash for any 91x product.
